so this Netanyahu post war plan for Gaza
the Americans have already said they
think it's a bad idea for Israel to
reoccupy the Gaza Strip and and have
asked for clarification reportedly does
this plan in your view is it a clear
plan and and why do you think is making
this statement
now I think that he's making this
statement because he knows that his
political life is in Jeopardy but before
uh the bombing attack on October the 7th
netanyahu's holding rates were very very
very low with thousands tens of
thousands of Israelis coming out and
protesting against him now we see that
these numbers while they've gotten lower
people are definitively blaming netan
for uh for all of this and as a result
he knows that his political future will
come to an end the minute that there is
a ceasefire and this is why he's pushing
to have this as long as possible the
other reason of course is because he is
part of the ultra right-wing fascist
group um the fascist block and the ultra
right-wing inside his government has
been pushing him to reestablish Israeli
settlements in the Gaza Strip so you
have the combination of these two things
of him losing his Coalition if he
doesn't remain and as well losing his
own political life and potentially go to
prison um if he if he doesn't leave the
Gaza Strip right and so this is why he's
doing it at at this point right and one
of his ministers we heard one of his
ministers talk about this being gaza's
NABA how how worrying is that to
you well this isn't it's not just him
most of the Israeli leaders have been
not only expressing it but we've seen
what plans that they have they've
expressed things like that they want to
flatten Gaza they've said that this is a
question of not accuracy but as much
damage as possible we've heard them say
that Gau is going to be smaller in size
and we've heard them talk about
expelling Palestinians into the Sinai
Peninsula we've even heard the so-called
leftwing talk about other countries
taking in Palestinians as well so this
is obviously very Troublesome the
problem is is that nobody within the
International Community is actually
listening to what the Israeli leaders
are saying very clearly yeah and some in
the International Community are still
talking about the the the two-state uh
solution being revived in some quarters
the supporters of Israel it seems that
that two idea of a two-state solution is
more distant than
ever it's the question is Palestinian
freedom and this is where people need to
be working in the aftermath of Israel
stopping its genocide stopping its
ethnic cleansing it's time for the world
to realize that this is the result of 75
years of ethnic cleansing and if they
really want to see peace then
Palestinians need to have their freedom
this is where efforts need to be put
after we secure Israel's stopping of the
bombing campaign what Israel's done is
completely ille legal and it remains
illegal no despite their attempts to try
to make it legal it's not this is where
our energy must be focused first to stop
the bombing second to make sure that
Palestinians are free and so what does
that does that Palestinian Freedom look
like uh you know what are the options
today is it is it you know equal rights
for all within the same state like the
case of South Africa for example is that
is that feasible
today well F it's it's up to
Palestinians to decide um and this is
where we have as Palestinians have to
put make our voices heard and and known
um it's no longer up to the
International Community it's no longer
up to a false negotiations process it's
time for the world to listen to
Palestinians hear what they want and put
into place a system that undoes the
system of apartheid that Israel has
created for 75 years it's time for
Palestinians to finally be free it you
say it's up to Palestinian Diana to
decide what what role for palestin inan
leaders what role for the Palestinian
Authority specifically we heard Arab
leaders in Riyad yesterday say that the
Palestinian Authority is the sole
legitimate representative of the
Palestinian people is it though and and
can it represent Palestinian people as a
whole in its current
configuration actually at this point in
time so it's the Palestine Liberation
Organization that is the representative
but at this time it's very difficult for
people to say that they are the the sole
voice because so many Palestinian
factions are not included in the PLO but
but beyond that the importance is that
right now what the US is trying to do is
they're trying to put in a pseudo
Palestinian government one that they
like into the Gaza Strip and I can I can
tell you that there's going to be no
Palestinian leader that wants to be seen
as entering the Gaza Strip on the back
of an Israeli bulldozer on the back of
an Israeli tank that's just simply not
going to happen but more importantly
this is the same Palestinian Authority
part that on October the 6th that the
United States had been had been
maligning that they had effectively
turned into Persona n grada so it's like
they pull out this puppet when they want
it and then put it away when they don't
want it this is where I mean what this
is what I mean when I say it's up for
Palestinians to decide we need to have
our own internal elections we need to
decide what shape and form it is of our
freedom that is going to look like but
first and foremost the bombing needs to
end and this apartheid system must come
to an end